AST-1462 - Wave accessibility issue for comment section (#3920)
brainstormforce/astra: changelog.txt

v3.8.0(Unreleased)
- Improvement: Site Background will be applied as background CSS for Full-Width Contained/Stretched layouts instead of Content Background.

> - Fix:- Fixed legend tag missing Wave accessibility issue for comment section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: W3 validation - legend HTML tag missing as fieldset tag is being used for comment section.
```

Author: Changes done!
